docs(key-concepts-update) Updated Beta and added Stable (#2116)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/1.5.x/introduction/key-concepts.md

Authorization is the system of defining access to certain resources. In Kong Enterprise, Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) is the main authorization mode. To define authorization to an API, it is possible to use the ACL Plugin in conjunction with an authentication plugin.

## Beta

> A Beta designation in Kong software means the functionality of a feature or release version is of high-quality and can be deployed in a non-production environment. Note the following when using a Beta feature or version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Beta designation in Kong software means the functionality of a feature or release version is of high quality and can be deployed in a non-production environment. Note the following when using a Beta feature or version:
```

* **A Beta feature or version should not be deployed in a production environment.** 
* Beta customers are encouraged to engage Kong Support to report issues encountered in Beta testing.  Support requests should be filed with normal priority, but contractual SLA’s will not be applicable for Beta features.
* Support is not available for data recovery, rollback, or other tasks when using a Beta feature or version. 

> * User documentation might not be of the highest quality. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* User documentation might not be complete or reflect complete functionality. 
```

Reviewer: OR User documentation might not be complete or reflect all available functionality.

Before you can start making requests against a Service, you need to add a [Route](#route) to it. Routes specify how (and if) requests are sent to their Services after they reach Kong. A single Service can have many Routes. After configuring the Service and the Route, you’ll be able to make requests through Kong using them.

## Stable 

> A Stable release designation in Kong software means the functionality of the version is high-quality, production-ready, and released as general availability (GA). The version has been thoroughly tested, considered reliable to deploy in a production environment, and is fully supported. If updates or bug fixes are required, a patch version or minor release version is issued and fully supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Stable release designation in Kong software means the functionality of the version is of high quality, production-ready, and released as general availability (GA). The version has been thoroughly tested, considered reliable to deploy in a production environment, and is fully supported. If updates or bug fixes are required, a patch version or minor release version is issued and fully supported.
```
